Obsolete SqlSaga with warning ahead of NServiceBus 10 release (#1871)
Particular/NServiceBus.Persistence.Sql: src/SqlPersistence.Tests/ApprovalFiles/APIApprovals.Approve.approved.txt

[assembly: System.Runtime.CompilerServices.InternalsVisibleTo(@"TransactionalSession.MsSqlSystemDataClient.AcceptanceTests, PublicKey=00240000048000009400000006020000002400005253413100040000010001007f16e21368ff041183fab592d9e8ed37e7be355e93323147a1d29983d6e591b04282e4da0c9e18bd901e112c0033925eb7d7872c2f1706655891c5c9d57297994f707d16ee9a8f40d978f064ee1ffc73c0db3f4712691b23bf596f75130f4ec978cf78757ec034625a5f27e6bb50c618931ea49f6f628fd74271c32959efb1c5")]
namespace NServiceBus.Persistence.Sql
{

>     [System.Obsolete(@"The SqlSaga base class is no longer supported, use 'NServiceBus.Saga<T>' with the 'mapper.MapSaga(…).ToMessage(…)' API. Other SqlSaga features can be added applying the 'SqlSagaAttribute' the saga class. Will be treated as an error from version 9.0.0. Will be removed in version 10.0.0.", false)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [System.Obsolete(@"The SqlSaga base class is deprecated. Use 'NServiceBus.Saga<T>' with the 'mapper.MapSaga(…).ToMessage(…)' API. Other SqlSaga features can be added applying the 'SqlSagaAttribute' the saga class. Will be treated as an error from version 9.0.0. Will be removed in version 10.0.0.", false)]
```
